feat(curriculum): adding shape manager TS workshop (#63083)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-shape-manager/69145aefce21f93ed77b626c.md

---
id: 69145aefce21f93ed77b626c
title: Step 16
challengeType: 25
dashedName: step-16
---

# --description--

You also need to toggle the result card on and off based on what is calculated and the result to show.

For this, create a `toggleResultCard` function that takes a boolean type parameter called `show`. If `show` is true, add the `visible` class to `resultCard`. Otherwise, remove it.

# --hints--

You should create a `toggleResultCard` function.

```js
assert.isFunction(toggleResultCard)
```

Your `toggleResultCard` function should have a `show` parameter set to a type of `boolean`.

```js
assert.match(code, /\(show\s*:\s*boolean\)/)
```

> Your `toggleResultCard` function should return `true` or `false` based on shape selection and deselection.

Reviewer: This hint should be something like:
```suggestion
Your `toggleResultCard` function should add the `visible` class to `resultCard` when `show` is `true`, and remove it otherwise.
```

}
```

```ts
interface Shape {
  type: string;
}

interface Circle extends Shape {
  type: "circle";
  radius: number;
}

interface Rectangle extends Shape {
  type: "rectangle";
  width: number;
  height: number;
}

interface Triangle extends Shape {
  type: "triangle";
  base: number;
  height: number;
}

type Shapes = Circle | Triangle | Rectangle;

const getElements = <T extends HTMLElement>(selector: string): T => {
  const el = document.getElementById(selector);
  if (!el) throw new Error(`Element not found: ${selector}`);
  return el as T;
};

let shapeTypeSelect: HTMLSelectElement;

let propertyGroups: {
  circle: HTMLElement;
  rectangle: HTMLElement;
  triangle: HTMLElement;
};

let propertyInputs: {
  radius: HTMLInputElement;
  width: HTMLInputElement;
  height: HTMLInputElement;
  base: HTMLInputElement;
  triangleHeight: HTMLInputElement;
};

let resultText: HTMLElement;
let resultCard: HTMLElement;

const chooseShape = (shapeType: string) => {
  Object.entries(propertyGroups).forEach(([name, group]) => {
    if (name === shapeType) {
      group.classList.remove("hidden");
    } else {
      group.classList.add("hidden");
    }
  });
};

--fcc-editable-region--

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
